feat(docs): Secure dispersal/retrieval system flows (#1652)
Layr-Labs/eigenda: docs/spec/src/integration/spec/6-secure-integration.md

Note: The verification steps in point 1. for dispersal are not currently implemented. This route only makes sense for clients that want to avoid having large amounts of SRS data, but KZG commitment verification via Fiat-Shamir is required to do the verification without this data. Until the alternate verification method is implemented, usage of `GetBlobCommitment` places a correctness trust assumption on the disperser generating the commitment.

## Upgradable Security Params for Optimistic Verification
![image.png](../../assets/integration/router-in-fraud-proof.png)

> The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as quorum sets and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.

Reviewer: I think core uses `securityParams` to include all the chunkSize, maxNumOperators, etc stuff, which router does not enable changing... so we might need another term?

> The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as quorum sets and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as required quorums and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.
```

> The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as quorum sets and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.

Reviewer: "without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs"

Don't think its about fraud proofs right? If a zk fraud proof has been successfully subitted for example, it can't be compromised. Think you just mean without affecting on going fraud proof games?

> The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as quorum sets and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.

Reviewer: "based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`"

sounds weird, and not really what is happening. There is no ABN "associated" to a cert's RBN. might confuse people

> The [`EigenDACertVerifierRouter`](./4-contracts.md#eigendacertverifierrouter) contract enables secure upgrades to a rollup’s [EigenDA security parameters](./3-data-structs.md#), such as quorum sets and thresholds, without compromising the integrity of previously submitted fraud proofs. It achieves this by routing certificate verification to the appropriate `EigenDACertVerifier` instance based on the `activation_block_number` associated with each cert's `reference_block_number`. This ensures backward compatibility, allowing older `DACert`s to be validated against the verifier version that was active at the time of their creation.

Reviewer: "that was active at the time of their creation"
not true; its not about creation time, its about RBN

The router is typically deployed behind an upgradable admin proxy and should use the same `ProxyAdmin` multisig as the rollup for consistent and secure access control.

### Adding New Verifiers — Synchronization Risk

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Reviewer: latest_block is the latest blockchain block? Then I don't think the eqn you have makes sense right? RBN has to be in the past, so how can it be >= latest_block?

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Author: rbn is selected by the disperser and latest_block is selected eigenda client rpc. For this edge case to happen the disperser has to select rbn >= latest_block selection. maybe a different variable name would help smooth this

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Reviewer: `latest_block` is definitely confusing as its a relative term. Whose latest_block are we talking about, and at what time? disperser? rollup node during verification? etc

But despite this I still don't understand your explanation. The disperser literally cannot select RBN >= latest_block. Otherwise eigenda validators won't be able to sign until the RBN is selected. Or is that the case you are talking about?

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Author: your deduction assumes `latest_block` as a global value btwn client and disperser

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Reviewer: Are you saying `RBN >= some_random_validator_whose_eth_node_is_out_of_sync.latest_block`?

> There is a synchronization risk that can temporarily cause dispersals to fail when adding a new `verifier'` to the `EigenDACertVerifierRouter` at a future activation block number (`abn'`). If `latest_block < abn'` **and** `rbn >= abn'`, dispersals may fail if the `required_quorums` set differs between `verifier` and `verifier'`. In this case, the quorums included in the client's `BlobHeader` (based on the old verifier) would not match those expected by `checkDACert` (using the new verifier). This mismatch results in **at most** a few failed dispersals, which will resolve once `latest_block >= abn'` and `reference_block_number >= abn'`, ensuring verifier consistency. The EigenDA integrations team will explore mitigations in the future.

Author: rename `latest_block` to `quorum_selection_block`
